GITHUB_DESCRIPTION.md, before:

# GitHub Repository Description

## Repository Title
**ProxyServerHTTPS**

## Short Description
```
🌐 Advanced HTTPS-capable proxy server for web scraping with automatic proxy rotation, SSL bypass, and real-time monitoring dashboard. Features intelligent fallback, comprehensive testing suite, and simple HTTP API interface.
```

## Topics/Tags
```
python
proxy-server
web-scraping
https-proxy
proxy-rotation
ssl-bypass
monitoring-dashboard
api-proxy
scraping-tools
urllib
free-proxies
proxy-pool
request-handling
ssl-context
web-automation
```

## GitHub Repository Settings

### Visibility: Public ✅
### Features to Enable:
- [x] Issues
- [x] Projects  
- [x] Discussions
- [x] Wiki
- [x] Sponsorships

### About Section:
```
Website: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS
Description: Advanced HTTPS proxy server with automatic rotation, SSL bypass, and monitoring dashboard for web scraping applications.
Topics: python, proxy-server, web-scraping, https-proxy, proxy-rotation, ssl-bypass, monitoring-dashboard, scraping-tools
```

### Repository Guidelines:
- **License**: MIT (already configured)
- **Contributing**: Open to contributions
- **Code of Conduct**: Standard GitHub Community Guidelines
- **Security**: Report security issues via GitHub Security tab

## Social Media Descriptions

### Twitter/X:
```
🚀 Just open-sourced ProxyServerHTTPS! 

✨ Features:
🔒 Full HTTPS support  
🔄 Auto proxy rotation
📊 Real-time monitoring
🛡️ SSL bypass
⚡ 95% success rate

Perfect for #webscraping projects! 

#Python #OpenSource #WebDev #API
https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS
```

### LinkedIn:
```
Excited to share my latest open-source project: ProxyServerHTTPS! 🌐

This production-ready proxy server offers:
✅ Full HTTPS support with SSL certificate bypass
✅ Automatic proxy rotation with intelligent fallback  
✅ Real-time monitoring dashboard
✅ Comprehensive testing suite
✅ Simple REST-like API interface

Built with Python using only standard library - no external dependencies needed! Perfect for web scraping, API testing, and content aggregation projects.

The server achieves 60-80% success rate through proxy rotation with 95%+ overall success via automatic fallback to direct connections.

Check it out: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS

#Python #OpenSource #WebScraping #SoftwareDevelopment #API #Programming
```

### Reddit (r/Python, r/webscraping):
```
[Project] Open-sourced my HTTPS-capable proxy server for web scraping

Hey everyone! I've just open-sourced ProxyServerHTTPS, a robust proxy server I built for web scraping applications.

🔥 Key Features:
- Full HTTPS support with SSL bypass
- Automatic proxy rotation using free proxy APIs
- Intelligent fallback (proxy → direct connection)
- Real-time monitoring dashboard  
- Zero external dependencies (pure Python stdlib)
- Simple HTTP API interface

🎯 Perfect for:
- Web scraping projects
- API testing through different IPs
- Bypassing rate limiting
- Content aggregation

The server runs on localhost:8080 with a monitoring dashboard on :8888. Usage is as simple as:
```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/https://httpbin.org/ip"
```

Achieves 60-80% success through proxies with 95%+ overall success via automatic fallback.

Repository: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS

Would love feedback from the community! 🚀
```

Commit message:

📄 Add MIT License and complete licensing implementation
✨ New Files:
- LICENSE: Complete MIT License text with proper copyright attribution

🔧 Updated Files:
- README.md: Added license section, contributing guidelines, and acknowledgments
- GITHUB_DESCRIPTION.md: Enhanced with detailed license information and usage rights
- working_https_proxy.py: Added MIT license header to main proxy server
- simple_status.py: Added license header to status dashboard
- quick_https_test.py: Added license header to testing script
- test_https_proxy.py: Added license header to comprehensive test suite

📋 License Details:
- MIT License allows commercial use, modification, and distribution
- Minimal restrictions - only requires copyright notice preservation
- Industry-standard open source license for maximum compatibility
- All source files now include proper license attribution

🎯 Legal Compliance:
- Professional open source licensing
- Clear usage rights for developers
- Proper copyright attribution
- Ready for enterprise adoption

The project is now fully licensed under MIT License! ⚖️

GITHUB_DESCRIPTION.md, after:

# GitHub Repository Description

## Repository Title
**ProxyServerHTTPS**

## Short Description
```
🌐 Advanced HTTPS-capable proxy server for web scraping with automatic proxy rotation, SSL bypass, and real-time monitoring dashboard. Features intelligent fallback, comprehensive testing suite, and simple HTTP API interface.
```

## Topics/Tags
```
python
proxy-server
web-scraping
https-proxy
proxy-rotation
ssl-bypass
monitoring-dashboard
api-proxy
scraping-tools
urllib
free-proxies
proxy-pool
request-handling
ssl-context
web-automation
```

## GitHub Repository Settings

### Visibility: Public ✅
### Features to Enable:
- [x] Issues
- [x] Projects  
- [x] Discussions
- [x] Wiki
- [x] Sponsorships

### About Section:
```
Website: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS
Description: Advanced HTTPS proxy server with automatic rotation, SSL bypass, and monitoring dashboard for web scraping applications.
Topics: python, proxy-server, web-scraping, https-proxy, proxy-rotation, ssl-bypass, monitoring-dashboard, scraping-tools
```

### Repository Guidelines:
- **License**: MIT License (see LICENSE file)
- **Contributing**: Open to contributions
- **Code of Conduct**: Standard GitHub Community Guidelines
- **Security**: Report security issues via GitHub Security tab

## 📄 License Information

This project is licensed under the MIT License. The MIT License is a permissive license that allows:

✅ **Commercial use** - Use in commercial projects
✅ **Modification** - Modify the source code
✅ **Distribution** - Distribute copies of the software
✅ **Private use** - Use for private projects
✅ **Sublicense** - Include in larger works under different licenses

**Requirements:**
- Include the original copyright notice
- Include the MIT license text

**Limitations:**
- No warranty or liability from the author
- No trademark use rights

For full license text, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Social Media Descriptions

### Twitter/X:
```
🚀 Just open-sourced ProxyServerHTTPS! 

✨ Features:
🔒 Full HTTPS support  
🔄 Auto proxy rotation
📊 Real-time monitoring
🛡️ SSL bypass
⚡ 95% success rate

Perfect for #webscraping projects! 

#Python #OpenSource #WebDev #API
https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS
```

### LinkedIn:
```
Excited to share my latest open-source project: ProxyServerHTTPS! 🌐

This production-ready proxy server offers:
✅ Full HTTPS support with SSL certificate bypass
✅ Automatic proxy rotation with intelligent fallback  
✅ Real-time monitoring dashboard
✅ Comprehensive testing suite
✅ Simple REST-like API interface

Built with Python using only standard library - no external dependencies needed! Perfect for web scraping, API testing, and content aggregation projects.

The server achieves 60-80% success rate through proxy rotation with 95%+ overall success via automatic fallback to direct connections.

Check it out: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS

#Python #OpenSource #WebScraping #SoftwareDevelopment #API #Programming
```

### Reddit (r/Python, r/webscraping):
```
[Project] Open-sourced my HTTPS-capable proxy server for web scraping

Hey everyone! I've just open-sourced ProxyServerHTTPS, a robust proxy server I built for web scraping applications.

🔥 Key Features:
- Full HTTPS support with SSL bypass
- Automatic proxy rotation using free proxy APIs
- Intelligent fallback (proxy → direct connection)
- Real-time monitoring dashboard  
- Zero external dependencies (pure Python stdlib)
- Simple HTTP API interface

🎯 Perfect for:
- Web scraping projects
- API testing through different IPs
- Bypassing rate limiting
- Content aggregation

The server runs on localhost:8080 with a monitoring dashboard on :8888. Usage is as simple as:
```bash
curl "http://localhost:8080/https://httpbin.org/ip"
```

Achieves 60-80% success through proxies with 95%+ overall success via automatic fallback.

Repository: https://github.com/Anju982/ProxyServerHTTPS

Would love feedback from the community! 🚀
```
